Extend documentation for using Stimulus within sidecar directories (#481)
github/view_component: README.md

This enables the creation of files such as `app/components/widget_controller.js`, where the controller identifier matches the `data-controller` attribute in the component's HTML template.

> If you place your Stimulus controller inside a sidecar directory, please be aware that when referencing your Stimulus controller [each forward slash in a namespaced controller file’s path becomes two dashes in its identifier](

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When placing a Stimulus controller inside a sidecar directory, be aware that when referencing the controller [each forward slash in a namespaced controller file’s path becomes two dashes in its identifier](
```

> https://stimulusjs.org/handbook/installing#controller-filenames-map-to-identifiers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://stimulusjs.org/handbook/installing#controller-filenames-map-to-identifiers):
```

```console
app/components
├── ...
├── example
|   ├── component.rb
|   ├── component.css
|   ├── component.html.erb
|   └── component_controller.js
├── ...

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> In the example above, the `component_controller.js` Stimulus identifier becomes: `example--component`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`component_controller.js` Stimulus identifier becomes: `example--component`:
```
